Re-write of the MDCB docs (#2093)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-stack/tyk-multi-data-centre/mdcb-components.md

## Overview

> Here we will give an overview of the main elements of an MDCB solution, clarifying the terminology used by Tyk.

Author: I don't think we should move the MDCB bullet to the top. I went straight to the abbreviation as this is the second page where we go into more detail looking inside the clusters that were introduced on the first page... however happy to add the full text first.

**Multi Data Centre Bridge (MDCB)**
- the backbone of the distributed Tyk deployment, connecting the different Gateway clusters back to the management cluster

**Tyk Dashboard**
- Tyk’s management platform used to control the creation of API configurations, policies and keys in a persistent manner. It provides analytic information on the traffic the Gateways have processed which includes aggregated API usage and detailed information per transaction

**Tyk Pump**
- Tyk’s open source analytics purger that can be used to export transaction logs from the Tyk deployment to the visualisation tool or other data store of your choice

**Developer Portal**
- Access point for your API Consumers where you publish your API catalogue(s) and they obtain API keys

## Tyk Controller

The Controller cluster is where the components required to create MDCB’s shared control plane are located and must consist of the following elements:
- Tyk Dashboard (used to configure and control the whole Tyk installation)
- Tyk Gateway (this is refered to as the Management/Controller GW and will not service API transactions; it is important to ensure this is not public facing)
- Tyk MDCB

> - High availability Redis data store (used as primary reference for the deployment)

Author: I've now seen the Confluence advice on documentation and understand the <<ref>> markdown. I will revise the links.

- A high availability persistent data store (e.g. MongoDB or SQL replica set)
To improve resilience and availability, multiple instances of each Tyk component should be deployed and load balanced within the cluster.

<image - controller cluster>
  
### Optional Components
- One or more Tyk Pumps can be deployed within the controller cluster to export transaction logs to your choice of external data sinks for further analytics and visualisation.
- A Tyk Developer Portal should be deployed within the controller cluster to enhance the end user experience when accessing your APIs; multiple Developer Portals can be deployed - for example for internal and external consumers.
 
## Tyk Worker
Each Worker Cluster must consist of the following elements:

> - One or more Tyk Gateway instance(s) specifically configured as Workers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Tyk gateway** - Tyk Gateway that is specifically configured as Workers. To provide resilience and availability deploy multiple Tyk Gateways with a load balancer.
```

> - A single Redis data store shared by all Gateways in the cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Redis** - A single Redis data store shared by all Gateways in the cluster. If you want this data centre to be resilient, available, and independent from its control plane during a disconnection event, it is advised to keep it persistent.
```

> To improve resilience and availability, multiple instances of each Tyk component should be deployed and load balanced within the cluster.

Reviewer: not really needed since it was already mentioned above

> To improve resilience and availability, multiple instances of each Tyk component should be deployed and load balanced within the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<image - worker cluster>
  
### Optional Components

> - One or more Tyk Pumps can be deployed within the worker cluster to export transaction logs to your choice of external data sinks for further analytics and visualisation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- **Tyk Pump** - Optional. Tyk Pump that is specifically configured as [hybrid pump]({{< ref "release-notes/version-2.8/#custom-analytics-storage-engines-for-multi-cloud--enterprise-mdcb-users" >}}) can be deployed in the worker data centre. This pump will send analytics data (requests/responses) to external data sinks from within this local/regional data center and will help with further analytics and visualisation. 
```

Author: I've embedded the full URL to the release notes, hope that's the right thing to do.

### Tyk Pump
- Tyk’s open source analytics purger that can be used to export transaction logs from the Tyk deployment to the visualisation tool or other data store of your choice

### Tyk Developer Portal
- The access point for your API Consumers where you publish your API catalogue(s) and they obtain API keys.

### Redis
- An in-memory data store used as a database, cache and message broker. We use it as pub/sub broker for inter-Gateway communication, and as a cache for API configurations, keys, certificates, and temporary store for analytics records.

### MongoDB/SQL
- A persistent data store for API configurations, policies, analytics and aggregated analytics, Dashboard organisations, configurations, dashboard users, portal developers and configuration.

## Management Cluster
<img width="1500" alt="Management_cluster" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99968932/211528518-c52f99ca-5794-48e1-8e7f-9d2e76edb27f.png">

The Management Cluster must consist of the following elements:
- **Tyk Dashboard** (used to configure and control the whole Tyk installation)

> - **Tyk Gateway** (used for creation of keys and certificates, this does not service API requests; it is important to ensure there is no public access to it and it must not be tagged, zoned or sharded as it "belongs" to the whole Tyk installation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Tyk Gateway** (used for creation of keys and certificates, this does not service API requests; it is important to ensure there is no public access to it and it must not be shared (tagged) as it "belongs" to the whole Tyk installation)
```
